Replaced deprecated ReplicationController with JobController (#25918)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/concepts/overview/components.md

{{< glossary_definition term_id="kube-controller-manager" length="all" >}}

Some types of these controllers are:

  * Node controller: Responsible for noticing and responding when nodes go down.

>   * Job controller: Responsible for noticing tasks and creating Pods to run the tasks to completion

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Job controller: Watches for Job objects that represent one-off tasks, then creates
    Pods to run those tasks to completion.
```

Author: Done!
